h1. Bandrockr

Welcome, This web app that is suited for a Rock Band; a content scheduling managment app.

This application was generated with the "rails_apps_composer":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer gem provided by the "RailsApps Project":http://railsapps.github.io/.

h2. Diagnostics

This application was built with recipes that are known to work together.

This application was built with preferences that are NOT known to work together.

If the application doesn't work as expected, please "report an issue":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer/issues and include these diagnostics:

We'd also like to know if you've found combinations of recipes or preferences that do work together.

Recipes:
["apps4", "controllers", "core", "email", "extras", "frontend", "gems", "git", "init", "models", "prelaunch", "railsapps", "readme", "routes", "saas", "setup", "testing", "views"]

Preferences:
{:git=>true, :apps4=>"none", :dev_webserver=>"thin", :prod_webserver=>"thin", :database=>"sqlite", :templates=>"erb", :unit_test=>"test_unit", :integration=>"none", :continuous_testing=>"none", :fixtures=>"none", :frontend=>"bootstrap3", :email=>"gmail", :authentication=>"omniauth", :omniauth_provider=>"facebook", :authorization=>"cancan", :form_builder=>"simple_form", :starter_app=>"admin_app", :rvmrc=>false, :quiet_assets=>true, :better_errors=>true, :ban_spiders=>true, :jsruntime=>true, :github=>true}

h2. Ruby on Rails

This application requires:

* Ruby version 2.0.0
* Rails version 4.0.1

Learn more about "Installing Rails":http://railsapps.github.io/installing-rails.html.

h2. NOTE: ==Important Update==

Also, install "rails_admin":https://github.com/sferik/rails_admin gem for this branch. 

Click Link for further Instructions & configurations to your choosing. 


h2. Database

This application uses SQLite with ActiveRecord.

h2. Development

* Template Engine: ERB
* Testing Framework: Test::Unit
* Front-end Framework: Twitter Bootstrap 3.0 (Sass)
* Form Builder: SimpleForm
* Authentication: OmniAuth
* Authorization: CanCan


h2. Getting Started

To get started, please read this "tutorial":https://github.com/TheCoderFactory/webappcoder/blob/master/Tutorial-BandRockr.md on how build this app step-by-step.

h2. Documentation and Support

This is the only documentation.


h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this application, please share with others.

* Fork the project on GitHub.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit with Git.
* Send the author a pull request.

If you add functionality to this application, create an alternative implementation, or build an application that is similar, please contact me and I'll add a note to the README so that others can find your work.

h2. Credits

Please give Credit to "Pete Argent":https://github.com/pedrogrande of the "Coder Factory":https://thecoderfactory.com/ of creating this app Tutorial.


